docs: Update release the notes for ArgoCD v2.9.5-ck8s1 (#783)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/release-notes/argocd.md

## Compliant Kubernetes Argo CD
<!-- BEGIN TOC -->
- [v2.9.5-ck8s1](#v295-ck8s1) - 2024-01-30
- [v2.7.14-ck8s1](#v2714-ck8s1) - 2023-10-31
- [v2.4.20-ck8s1](#v2420-ck8s1) - 2023-03-29
<!-- END TOC -->

### v2.9.5-ck8s1

Released 2024-01-30

#### Updated

- Updated ArgoCD to `v2.9.5`.

#### Changed

- Secret  `helm-secrets-private-keys` in the `argocd-system` namespace (used for storing encryption keys) now uses a different label-value than before. The label has to be: `argocd.argoproj.io/secret-type=helm-secrets`

#### Added

- Added networkpolicies for Argo CD components

> - Added support for age encryptied helm secrets

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Added support for age encrypted helm secrets
```

## Compliant Kubernetes Argo CD
<!-- BEGIN TOC -->
- [v2.9.5-ck8s1](#v295-ck8s1) - 2024-01-30
- [v2.7.14-ck8s1](#v2714-ck8s1) - 2023-10-31
- [v2.4.20-ck8s1](#v2420-ck8s1) - 2023-03-29
<!-- END TOC -->

### v2.9.5-ck8s1

Released 2024-01-30

> #### Updated:

Reviewer 2: Same for line 40, looks like a mistake from before.
```suggestion
#### Updated
```

- Updated ArgoCD to `v2.9.5`.

<!-- -->
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **Platform Administrator Notice(s)**

Reviewer 3: I can add that these aren't the generated _release notes_ as those emit admonitions `!!! note`, these are the generated _change log_ as they emit GitHub notices `> ![note]`.

> <!-- -->
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > **Platform Administrator Notice(s)**
> > - Application Developers can with these change choose to either use `age` or `gpg` encryption to use with their Helm secrets, as long as an Platform Administrator configures ArgoCD with the correct `helmSecrets.type` for them.
> > - Customer access to the Argo CD GUI is now configured through `customerAdminGroups`, `customerDevGroups` and/or `customerAdminUsers`.
> <!-- -->
> > [!NOTE]
> > **Application Developer Notice(s)**
> > - Application Developers now have to give Secret  `helm-secrets-private-keys` in the `argocd-system` namespace (used for storing encryption keys) a different label-value than before. The label has to be: `argocd.argoproj.io/secret-type=helm-secrets`The label for Secrets named `repo-*` remains the same, i.e.: `argocd.argoproj.io/secret-type=repository`.
> > - Fixes so that Application Developers have correct permissions for getting and editing argo notifications configmap in the argocd-system namespace.
> 
> #### Added
> 
> - Added networkpolicy generator chart, rules and policies
> - Added templating for supporting age
> - Added vals as a secret backend

Reviewer 2: I think we can simplify this

```suggestion

#### Changed

- Secret  `helm-secrets-private-keys` in the `argocd-system` namespace (used for storing encryption keys) now uses a different label-value than before. The label has to be: `argocd.argoproj.io/secret-type=helm-secrets`

#### Added

- Added networkpolicies for Argo CD components
- Added support for age encryptied helm secrets
- Added vals as a secret backend
```
